# Welcome to my Github!

My name is Kepa and I am a software engineer that began to work in the industry around 2019. I love to solve problems, and I love to solve them quickly. This often leads to me moving a bit to fast and breaking some things, but I also enjoy fixing what I break so I don't worry about it too much haha. My dream would be to start my own business, but I don't think I have the stomach to put everything on the line, so realistically, I think I would be better off working on a small team creating something that has a big impact.

I love to play video games, eat good food, spend time with my family and my friends.

If you have any tools you would like to see added to my website kepatotorica.vip please let me know, if I think they sound pretty cool I will consider working on it.

I have created a couple of apps and really enjoyed the process, if you are a dev and are looking for someone to bootstrap something with lets chat about some ideas!

Here are a couple I think could work.

- An app that helps people book local nurses for in home visits, this market seems underserved, and often relies on word of mouth, or hospital refferals. If you integrated with stripe, you could charge a percentage based fee on the transaction for in home nursing services similar to the fees that are already charged, and you could help make peoples lives better! I think the difficulties here would be around getting hsa/insurance approvals. I would want to start without getting too concerned about that though. You could always offer the matching service for free and figure out pricing later.
- A service where you can put in your debts, their interest rates, and minimum payments that would tell you what to pay next to get the biggest return. In traditional finance people like Dave Ramsey suggest the snowball method because people that ascribe to it get a hit of dopamine when closing smaller accounts. The problem with this is that it may lead to signifigant losses of capital over time. I think there is likely a way to gamify paying off your debt in a way that gets users excited in a similar way. Think with the 400$ you paid against your debt this month you saved 2000$ over the life of your loans, if you had paid against your lowest interest loan you would have only saved 100$.
- A website that lets resturants design and test menu ideas by providing QR codes that link to different menus. This could be a free service that you eventually transform into a paid service by offereing ordering through the phone by interfacing with the in person POS system. This would give the resturant the ability to test multiple menus at a time, seeing which menu has the highest average order time. You could also add to the app things like the need service light similar to those little tablets at places like red robin.
- A budgeting service that charges users a random amount of money each month (around 0-1$) and prompts users to check what they spend money on to try and find what we charged them. A lot of people don't pay attention to their finances and I think this could help people look more cloesly at what they are spening on. If the user finds and flags the charge, the would get refunded. I don't have as much faith in this idea as the others, but it seems like it could be cool.
- Create a better library app. My local library uses an app that is just lifted and copied to many districts. The app is made by a company called Solus UK Ltd, and it is not very good. The searching could be drastically improved. For example, I can't search for Author and a title. The Nintendo Switch is an author, as is the ps5. The result is having to search out side of the app for something you are interested in, then going to the app, and not seeing anything. You also can't search by open holds/avilability and several other things. Granted I don't know what all the software has on the librarians side, which is likely a lot more complex, and important to the library than the user facing app. Still though, similar to Payroll and Education. This seems like an area where the software is old and outdated, but it seems much more approachable that competing with something like ADP or Blackboard.

#Issues with my single env, may be able to do something in the future to help with it:

To get emails that work properly while developing locally, you may need to change the values here to point at localhost since I don't pay for multiple envs, and the build in email service doesn't have the level of customization needed to handle faking multiple envs through updating the url:
https://kepatotorica.pockethost.io/_/#/settings
